---
layout: post
title: "MOTOGP-2019: 23 Oct 2019"
trip: "MOTOGP-2019"
---
23 October 2019
I was awake way before the alarm this morning, too excited to sleep.  It is that time of year. Yes, MotoGP at Phillip Island, and that is where I was heading! But none of the sore arse and aching limbs that I have suffered on previous trips by motorcycle. This year I have gone soft!  Judith dropped me at the airport about 7 a.m., well just stopped long enough for me to get my bags out of the car before she spent off with a wild grin on her face. No that is not true, she was very sad to see me go, but probably looking forward to a little time alone at home.

There were a few people lined up at the bag drop, but the line move quickly. An older couple in front of me only had carry-on bags, which were both over the 7kg limit when weighed. It looked like they would be charged extra money. I think it is a lot less hassle just pay for checked luggage in the first place.  
Getting through security was a breeze, I didn’t even get checked for explosive residue this time (for some reason that usually pick me to check ). I bought an extremely expensive coffee and sat down to wait, and wait, and wait, this is the downside to get in the airport so early.

The waiting area slowly filled as people arrived for the first commercial flight of the day, the one I was on. A charter flight leaving at 7:30 reduced the swelling crowd a little as it took away some of the fly-in fly-out miners, to who knows where, to start their shifts.  As people arrived they would go to the café first, then sit down and busy themselves reading newspapers or books or playing with their laptops or phones (or both in least one case).

The aircraft  left on time and I spent most  trip reading a rather amusing book.  My giggles, guffaws and laughter ensured the woman sitting next to me looked at me strangely more than once.
The flight arrived a little early, and after a 15 minute wait for my bag, I was soon outside waiting for my shuttle bus, which arrived a short time later.  Before long, I was at the hire car company’s premises picking up my Jucy campervan, the El Cheapo model, sounds just right for me doesn’t it?

After an uneventful drive to the Island,  I first picked up my credentials for the weekend, then went to Cowes to do some food shopping.  Back at the track I set up my campervan – all of two minutes effort, then it was a beer or two and a chat with old mates.

I am really looking forward to the weekend!

<div class=images>
    {% include image.html
        img="MOTOGP-2019/images/74998377_946572199040946_6392682662565249024_n_946572195707613.jpg"
        url="MOTOGP-2019/images/74998377_946572199040946_6392682662565249024_n_946572195707613.jpg"
    %}

</div>
